Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#1080)
slsa-framework/slsa-github-generator: CONTRIBUTING.md

# CONTRIBUTING

- [Contributor Guide](#contributor-guide)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Create a GitHub account](#create-a-github-account)
    - [Sign the CLA](#sign-the-cla)
    - [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
    - [Setting up your development environment](#setting-up-your-development-environment)
  - [Development](#development)
  - [Testing](#testing)
    - [Pre-submits and Unit Tests](#pre-submits-and-unit-tests)
    - [End to End (e2e) Tests](#end-to-end-e2e-tests)
    - [Linters](#linters)
  - [Community](#community)
    - [Communication](#communication)

## Contributor Guide

This guide will help you understand the overall organization of the
[slsa-github-generator](https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa-github-generator)
project, and direct you to the best places to get started contributing. You'll
be able to pick up issues, write code to fix them, and get your work reviewed
and merged.

This document is the single source of truth for how to contribute to the code

> base. Feel free to browse the [open issues] and file new ones, all feedback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
base. Feel free to browse the [open issues](https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa-github-generator/issues) and file new ones, all feedback
```

Author: This used the link defined at the bottom. I copied this from the Kubernetes contributor guide, in which this was referring to issues related to the contributing guide itself. I think I want to reword this section a bit.

is welcome!

### Prerequisites

Before submitting code, you should first complete the following
prerequisites.

#### Create a GitHub account

Before you get started, you will need to [signup](http://github.com/signup) for a GitHub user account.

#### Sign the CLA

> > TODO: is this needed?

Reviewer: slsa doesn't mention one, I'm not so sure it is:
https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md

Author: Yeah. I'm not sure exactly what the relationship is for OpenSSF which may end up requiring one. I can maybe leave this section off until we have a more definitive requirement.

> Before you can contribute to Kubernetes, you will need to sign the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can contribute to the SLSA Framework organization, you will need to sign the
```

[Contributor License Agreement].

#### Code of Conduct

> > TODO: Is there a CoC for the OpenSSF that we can point to?

Reviewer: https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md

seems like most repos have this one

Author: I'll add a link here: https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md

they fail. These tests are located in the [.github/workflows](.github/workflows)
directory and begin with the prefix `pre-sumbit`.

Unit tests are run as pre-submit tests in the
[pre-submit.units.yml](.github/workflows/pre-submit.units.yml) file. You can run
unit tests locally using `make`. This requires that the Go runtime be installed.

```
make unit-test
```

#### End-to-End (e2e) Tests

This project has a number of End-to-End tests that are scheduled to run daily.
These tests are located in the
[example-package](https://github.com/slsa-framework/example-package/tree/main/.github/workflows)
repository and include a number of testing workflows. Please read the e2e
testing
[README.md](https://github.com/slsa-framework/example-package/blob/main/.github/workflows/README.md)
for more information about e2e tests.

#### Linters

You can run all linters using `make`.

```
make lint
```

These linters will also run as GitHub checks for pull requests via
[pre-submit.lint.yml](.github/workflows/pre-submit.lint.yml) file.

## Community

This project is part of the [SLSA Community](https://slsa.dev/community) working
with the SLSA Tooling SIG.

> ### Communication

Reviewer 2: Maybe link to the RELEASE.md somewhere too?
